In this lecture
I'd like to highlight a very important note
when it comes to website penetration testing.
Websites are installed on web servers on normal computers,
like we said before.
These normal computers have IP addresses,
and using the IP address we can access our target website.
Now, in many scenarios your target website,
or your target server
will contain a large number of websites,
so it'll have the website that you're looking for
that you're targeting,
but it'll also contain other websites on the same server,
so on the same file system.
What this means is, if you, for example,
could not find any vulnerabilities in your target website,
you can try to hack into any other website
that is installed in the same server.
If you could do that,
then you'll be able to gain access to the server.
Gaining access to the server basically means
you have access to all the other websites
because the server is just a computer
and you can literally just navigate
to the website that you want to hack
and gain access to that website.
So, if you're trying to hack into a website
and you couldn't find any exploits,
then the next step would be trying to hack any other website
that exists on the same server.
So, what I mean by exist on the same server
is they have the same IP address.
So let me show you here an example.
I'm gonna be showing an example of zaid.com, so my blog
because there is a lot of websites on the same server,
and if we look here on robtex.com,
and I came down here
to names pointing to the same IP address,
you can see all of these websites exist
on the same server as zaid.com.
So, if you could manage to hack into any of these websites,
you'll be able to navigate from and off that website
and then into zaid.com,
and then gain full access to my website.
So let me just show you here.
If I copy any of these domain names,
for example, we have this one reba.me,
and I'm just gonna go onto my terminal.
Now, I've already, if I do a ping
zaid.com,
you'll see that this is my IP address of my website,
and if I do a ping on one of the websites that exists,
for our use reba.me.
So if I go ping reba.me,
you'll see that both websites have the same IP address.
This means that both websites are installed
on the same computer,
and if we could hack into one of them,
we can literally just navigate
from that website into the other,
from our Meterpreter shell, or from our PHP shell,
or any type of shell that we're using.
Another way of finding websites
on the same domain is using Bing,
and it's a really simple way.
So if you just go on Bing,
and I'm just gonna put IP,
and then I'll put the IP of my target website.
Again, you'll see all the other websites that exist
on the same server as your target website,
so you can literally hack into any of these websites,
and from there hack into my website and gain access to it.
This is very important because in many cases
your target could be very well secured,
but the server itself was not secure,
so you can manage to hack one of the other websites
and then navigate through the server to your target.